Report most accomplished pilots (#1)
cgostic/code_review_practice: star-wars.md

Below we look at which 5 characters from Star Wars are the most
accomplished pilot (flew the fewest number of starships):

| Character      | Number of Starships piloted |
| :------------- | --------------------------: |
| R2-D2          |                           7 |
| C-3PO          |                           6 |
| Obi-Wan Kenobi |                           6 |
| Chewbacca      |                           5 |
| Leia Organa    |                           5 |
| Luke Skywalker |                           5 |
| Palpatine      |                           5 |
| Yoda           |                           5 |
| Darth Vader    |                           4 |
| Han Solo       |                           4 |

> By far, the most accomplished pilot of all is R2-D2. He is shown below

Reviewer: Using the `starships` column, the top pilot is Han Solo

```suggestion
By far, the most accomplished pilot of all is Han Solo. He is shown below
```

piloting a starship.

<div class="figure">

> <img src="https://starwarz.com/tbone/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/331.jpg" alt="Most accomplished Star Wars pilot." width="100%" />

Reviewer: Add picture of Han Solo instead of R2D2

```suggestion
<img src="https://i1.wp.com/twinfinite.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/harrison-ford-Mill_3222044i.jpg" />
```

Reviewer: That is so smart nice job
